The modern warfare is called the Karakusen.
As we know, various ships, ships, military equipment, and equipment are important elements that determine the outcome of the war.
Despite wars such as in ancient times, to have NATO and a murder ship led by the military organisations is an incoherent fame.
Now, our soldiers have received a large amount of water, and as the commander-in-chief, we have become a unit of the whole army, and we have completely destroyed the enemy forces that ask for the military advantage.
The physical elements are not seen as light as they were originally, but the psychological and physical elements are what form the infinite power of the war, and this is something that should be particularly noted.
I sent a vocal message to theadel of the DanubeTמים military order.
I have Governor下來For all his perchance and bravery to deliver a siren-like cooksail bearing fruit in this event.
Let's all celebrate it with the spirit of his tastes.
Mm, there is no further 150,000 Budget problems,
and the loss of 50 million.
Alas, it appears them to be no good.
They should have been flung home.
Yeah, it's a long story.
If I could keep up today's success,
As a commander of the air force, he was a great soldier, especially as a commander of the air force, he was a great soldier, especially as a commander of the air force,
As a commander of the air force, he was a great soldier, especially as a commander of the air force,
He was a great soldier, especially as a commander of the air force,
He went ahead towards attacking the enemy and replied his attacks repeatedly,
Somn breathed tutte until the last of the men to the air force
He destroyed enemy air force manned 보완 large cruisers and damaged troops all over
He took 30 attack on enemy base
Thank you for watching!